Now let's look at a coding example
for the assertion for Timeout.
Moving over into our demo details class,
here's the code that we want to test, check timeout.
I want to make sure that this method doesn't over sleep.
Right now it has a thread sleep for two seconds,
make sure it doesn't go past that.
I'll move back over to my test class
and I'll set up a test method.
Then I'll make use of our assert timeout preemptively.
I'll give the duration of three seconds.
You can feel free to experiment
with these numbers if you'd like,
you can set it to two to one to 100.
I give the actual Lambda expression here.
So in the curly braces demoUtils.checktimeout.
And here I say the method should execute
within three seconds.
So the coding for this check timeout is set
to sleep for two seconds.
Now go ahead and run the test,
and we see that this test pass as desired.
So the actual code slept for two seconds
and our tests we were asserting the time out
of three seconds so that works out just fine.
Now let's go ahead and play around with the code a bit.
So instead of sleeping for two seconds,
we'll sleep for five seconds
or 5,000 milliseconds.
Let's run this test one more time,
and then we'll see that this given test failed.
The method should execute it in three seconds
but it went beyond three seconds so it failed.
And then we can simply swing back into the code,
set it back to two seconds
and everything will work out just fine and pass for us.
And we see that this test pass as desired.
Alrighty, this looks really good.
I'm happy with the work so far.